like many of you once I got there I
wasn't crashing every third or fourth
flight I wanted my planes to look better
when I got my yak I found beanie
graphics and I've been impressed by way
more than just the graphics one of the
things I really like about being a
graphics is that to use a very
sophisticated printing process that
means they can do imitation Chrome and
lots of gradients and different styles
of Grady and said you can't get in
another process when I ordered one of
these for my two-sided turtle deck being
he saved the day by saving this graphic
file so they could make me a duplicate
beanie has a lot of packages designed
for specific airplanes and their sets
cover a lot of manufacturers and even
different wing sizes I ordered this
package for my 60-inch winged edge and
everything fit perfectly and as you can
see they're not afraid of making use of
their printing capabilities this flag is
a standard part of this package but
really draws a lot of notice at the
field most of the time I try to remove
corporate logos that come on planes that
I paid for but I'm happy to have the be
any graphics logo on my plane beanie
graphics has great products and an even
better attitude that they deserve to be
known for and did I mention that their
graphics also make my planes look really
good I'll get used to that when I got
bigger planes they had to get a trailer
to haul them around and so he didn't get
messed up and had that needed a graphic
to when this is out in the Sun I've had
a few people come up and actually rub
their fingers on this lettering you see
if it's pressed into the side of the
trailer and this also shows that they
can make larger graphics if you want as
well and he has instructions on her site
for how to apply to graphics several
different ways I'm kind of old-school
and I like the wet method this bottle
cost a few bucks but it makes life a
whole lot easier on installing graphics
I get the graphic place and then use
masking tape to make a hinge then I wet
the area where the graphics going to go
before removing the backing tape that
covers the adhesive side then we
carefully roll it back over and start
smoothing it on the wing
starting at the center and working your
way out B&E offers a special air release
vinyl it makes this process very easy
but I still like doing it the old way
because they get good results and here I
even use the credit card that I paid for
the stickers with the squeegee to water
out from underneath the sticker with the
water squeegee doubt we carefully
removed the top tape and just have to go
slow and make sure you pull a tape at a
very steep angle the graphic might try
and lift a little bit when you're doing
this but that's easily smooth back down
with something like the credit card then
you just go over to graphic and look for
any bubbles or wrinkles and work them
out with the credit card that's all
there is to it all that's left is to get
out to the field and put your plane
together and set it where people have to
look at it and then when people start
asking me where I got the graphics I
just point to detail more people that
want nice graphics for airplanes need to
find out about be any graphics and no
they didn't pay me to say this and
they'll probably be kind of surprised
when he find out that this review even
exists